http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/war-in-ukraine-dividesl-university/3377543.html=Conflict in Ukraine Divides University
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/international-students-at-emory-university/3390972.html=Seeking Support at Emory University
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/supreme-court-rules-in-favor-of-race-based-college-admissions-affirmative-action/3389581.html=US Supreme Court Upholds College Affirmative Action
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/improve-your-english-by-using-movements/3381025.html=Improve Your English by Using Movements
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/students-some-colleges-worse-off-after-leaving-education-obama/3375939.html=Students at For-Profit Colleges Are Worse Off
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/international-students-at-university-of-alabama/3378042.html=Rolling with the Tide at the University of Alabama
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/college-entrance-exams-canclled-south-korea-hong-kong/3375878.html=College Entrance Exams Cancelled in S. Korea Hong Kong
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/brazils-srudents-occupy-high-schools/3371239.html=Students in Brazil Occupy High Schools
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/international-students-at-university-of-mississippi/3367413.html=Making New Friends Keeping Old Ones at  'Ole Miss'
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/improve-your-writing-studying-critical-thinking/3357371.html=Improve Your Writing by Studying Critical Thinking
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/international-students-at-university-of-florida/3358905.html=International Students Find  'Gator Spirit' at University of Florida
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/improve-your-english-pronunciation-common-objects/3348958.html=Improve Your English By Using Common Objects
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/less-financial-aid-going-to-low-income-students/3348735.html=Less Financial Aid Going to Students Who Need It
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/improve-your-english-pronunciation-shadowing-others/3339007.html=Improve Your Pronunciation By Shadowing Others
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/incidents-of-sexual-assault-at-us-college-unreported/3326278.html=Many Incidents of Sexual Assault at US Colleges Go Unreported
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/improve-your-pronunciation-by-setting-goals/3318860.html=Improve Your Pronunciation By Setting Reasonable Goals
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/harvard-final-clubs-fight/3326135.html=Harvard Tries To Reduce Exclusive Clubs
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/how-colleges-keep-students-from-dropping-out/3312315.html=How Colleges Keep Students from Dropping Out
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3313410.html=Improve Your English by Looking for Patterns
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/more-high-school-students-perform-below-college-level/3314627.html=Fewer US Students Are Ready for College
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/others-may-follow-malia-obama-lead-delay-college-year/3312256.html=Malia Obamas College Decision Brings Attention to Gap Year
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/schools-in-us-dont-get-same-funding/3298352.html=Schools in US Don't Get Same Funding
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/education-tips-improve-critical-thinking-ask-questions/3303557.html=Learning How to Ask Questions
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/harvard-stanford-acceptance/3292902.html=If You Did Not Get into Harvard Do Not Worry
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/success-in-debate-and-business/3280265.html=Success In Debating and Business
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/what-america-top-schools-have-in-common/3287175.html=What America's Top Schools Have in Common
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/successful-debate-expressing-opinions/3280185.html=Successful Debate for Expressing Opinions
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/more-us-students-choose-college-overseas/3268673.html=More US Students Choose College Overseas
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3270255.html=Successful Debate Is Like Building a House
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/education-report-student-react-to-new-sat/3253244.html=Students React to New SAT College Entrance Exam
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/new-words-in-word-book-april-1/3263516.html=Some New Words for VOAs Word Book
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/college-students-describe-election/3254908.html=College Students Describe Election in One Word Crazy
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/solar-powered-library-helps-remote-students/3240836.html=Solar Powered Library Helps Remote Students
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/education-controversy-hong-kong/3249350.html=Education Controversy in Hong Kong
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/part-time-professor-demand-full-time-work/3243774.html=Part-Time Professors Demand Full-Time Work
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/palestinian-teacher-wins-global-prize/3236341.html=Palestinian Wins Teaching Prize and $1 Million
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/us-wants-more-african-students-at-its-universities/3223479.html=US Universities Want More African Students
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/kanye-tweets-for-cheaper-textbooks/3218193.html=Kanye Tweets for Cheaper Textbooks
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/national-grammar-day-is-here/3218618.html=National Grammar Day Is Here
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/immigrants-learn-to-lose-their-accents/3213118.html=Immigrants Learn to Lose Their Accents
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/planning-powerful-presentations/3208388.html=Planning Powerful Presentations
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/body-language-help-public-speaking/3196872.html=Body Language Can Help With Public Speaking
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/making-caring-common-in-college-admissions/3197142.html=Colleges Look to Change Admission Process
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/afraid-pubic-speaking-not-alone/3185082.html=Afraid of Public Speaking You Are Not Alone
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/daily-life-in-a-new-country-causes-problems/3188778.html=New Land New Customs
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/politicians-suggest-ways-to-reduce-tuition/3175263.html=Politicians Suggest Ways to Reduce Tuition
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/us-religious-universities-test-anti-discrimination-law/3165536.html=US Religious Colleges Test Anti-Discrimination Law
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/do-you-pay-full-tuition-while-your-roommate-pays-less/3158924.html=Do You Pay Full Tuition While Your Roommate Pays Less
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/sat-testing-in-asia-cancelled-in-cheating-scandal/3156655.html=SAT Testing in Asia Cancelled in Cheating Scandal
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/best-tool-to-teach-babies-speech-their-parents-voice/3140320.html=Best Tool to Teach Baby Talk Their Parents Voice
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/taking-steps-towards-a-great-college-paper/3147553.html=Taking Steps Toward a Great College Paper
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/manbuns-fight-dadbods-for-word/3142252.html=Manbun Fights With Dadbod For Word
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/they-wins-linguists-word-of-the-year/3138699.html=They Wins as Linguists' Word of the Year
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/flying-robots-are-coming-to-us-universities/3123526.html=Flying Robots Are Coming to US Universities
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/americans-color-british-colour-thank-noah-webster/3114564.html=Why Do Americans Color But the British Colour Thank Noah Webster
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/tips-public-speaking-lead-top-education-stories/3111563.html=Public Speaking Grammar Lead Top Education Stories
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/college-rankings-look-at-many-factors/3109272.html=College Rankings Look at Many Factors
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/new-education-law-gives-states-more-control/3104323.html=New US Education Law Gives States More Control
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/google-looks-to-black-universities-for-diversity/3098393.html=Google Looks to Black Universities for Diversity
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/dual-language-schools-popular-in-new-york-city/3094014.html=One School Five Languages
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/online-university-offers-poor-a-chance/3088042.html=Online University Offers Poor Students a Chance
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/uk-minorities-more-likely-than-whites-to-attend-university/3083265.html=UK Minorities More Likely Than Whites to Attend University
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/us-has-open-doors-for-international-students/3071803.html=US Open Doors for International Students
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/peacemakers-employers-meet-international-education-programs/3070670.html=Peacemakers Employers Come Together for Education
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/international-students-find-ways/3066663.html=International Students Find Ways to Pay High Tuition
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/black-latino-students-score-lower-on-tests/3061922.html=Blacks Latinos Score Lower on Tests than Whites Asians
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/do-student-athletes-have-any-power/3057205.html=Do Student Athletes Have Any Power
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/are-children-taking-too-many-tests/3052273.html=Are Children Taking Too Many Tests
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/students-march-cheaper-education/3042191.html=Students Protest High Cost of Education
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/education-report-how-well-does-your-country-speak-english/3035489.html=How Well Does Your Country Speak English
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/better-make-room-says-obama-says/3027040.html= 'Better Make Room' for College Kids Obama Says
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/med-students-learn-medical-english-cuba/3025161.html=Future Doctors Learn Medical English in Cuba
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/can-you-wrap-your-words-around-these-tongue-twisters/2999145.html=Can You Wrap Your Words Around These Tongue-Twisters
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/rethinking-grammar-how-we-talk/3017166.html=Rethinking Grammar How We Talk
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/students-get-motivation-straight-from-the-top/3009148.html=Students Get Motivation Straight From the Top
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/everyday-grammar-introducing-phrasal-verbs/3010251.html=Everyday Grammar Introducing Phrasal Verbs
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/education-report-rethinking-grammar-who-makes-the-rules/3005148.html=Rethinking Grammar Who Makes the Rules
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/everyday-grammar-when-nouns-act-like-adjectives/2998821.html=Everyday Grammar When Nouns Act Like Adjectives
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/most-promising-children-chosen-for-new-program-in-cambodia/2995700.html=Most Promising Children Chosen for Program in Cambodia
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/everyday-grammar-comparatives-superlatives/2989386.html=Everyday Grammar Comparatives and Superlatives
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/terror-in-cameroon-targets-school-children/2979542.html=Terror in Cameroon Targets School Children
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/kenyan-education-ministry-orders-schools-to-close/2976039.html=Kenyan Education Ministry Orders Schools to Close
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/students-love-grammar-why-do-teachers-hate-it/2973596.html=Students Love Grammar So Why Do Teachers Hate It
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/unusual-plurals-everyday-grammar/2968871.html=Everyday Grammar Unusual Plurals
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/kenya-teachers-strike-continues-for-third-week/2966462.html=Kenya Teachers' Strike Continues for Third Week
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/tag-questions-are-easy-arent-they-everyday-grammar/2956417.html=Everyday Grammar Tag Questions Are Easy Aren't They
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/calais-school-offers-migrants-help-time-crisis/2948463.html=Calais School Offers Migrants Help in Time of Crisis
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/everyday-grammar-relative-adverbs/2944081.html=Everyday Grammar Three Reasons to Learn Relative Adverbs
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/cambodian-officials-no-cheating-policy-working/2940694.html=Cambodia No-Cheating Exam Rule Is Working
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/everyday-grammar-fun-with-future-tenses/2935173.html=Fun with Future Tenses
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/betty-azar-the-rock-star-of-english-grammar/2925384.html=Betty Azar Rock Star of English Grammar
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/everyday-grammar-we-suggest-that-you-learn-the-subjunctive/2925403.html=Everyday Grammar We Suggest That You Learn the Subjunctive
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/peshawar-attack-survivors-learn-nanotechnology-us-visit/2922367.html=Peshawar Attack Survivors Learn Nanotechnology in US Visit
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/everyday-grammar-the-sounds-of-grammar-betty-azar/2916335.html=Everyday Grammar The Sounds of Grammar with Betty Azar
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/education-report-police-and-children-connect-at-summer-camp/2913727.html=Police and Children Connect at Summer Camp
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/are-american-college-entrance-exams-unfair/2906463.html=Are American College Entrance Exams Unfair
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/are-causatives-making-you-crazy-everyday-grammar/2903050.html=Are Causatives Making You Crazy
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/african-universities-more-students-less-money/2901472.html=African Universities More Students Less Money
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/us-students-filmakers-fight-stereotypes/2886950.html=US Student Filmmakers Fight Racial Stereotypes
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/education-report-study-shows-how-poverty-could-limit-learning/2882068.html=Study Shows How Poverty Could Limit Learning
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/everyday-grammar-modals-permission-can-may/2877141.html=Can I Could I May I
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/toefl-ielts-toeic-comparing-the-tests/2873821.html=TOEFL IELTS or TOEIC Comparing the Tests
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/everyday-grammar-you-had-better-learn-modals/2865365.html=Everyday Grammar You Had Better Learn Modals
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/malala-demands-books-not-bullets/2862093.html=Malala Invest in Books Not Bullets
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/everyday-grammar-reported-speech/2856671.html=Everyday Grammar Mastering Reported Speech
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/education-report-affirmative-action-case-returns-to-supreme-court/2852296.html=Affirmative Action Case Returns to the Supreme Court
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/beating-problems-with-adverbs-everyday-grammar/2843494.html=Everyday Grammar Beating Problems with Adverbs
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/bringing-internet-closer-helps-students/2842454.html=Bringing the Internet Closer Helps Students
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/everyday-grammar-words-come-and-go-in-english/2832644.html=Words Come and Go in English
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/training-prevent-campus-sexual-assault/2835825.html=Training to Prevent Campus Sexual Assault
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/everyday-grammar-when-passive-is-better-than-active/2825976.html=Everyday Grammar When Passive Is Better than Active
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/we-the-people-students-know-more-about-us-constitution/2826487.html=Teacher Students Know More About US Constitution Than I Do
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/english-in-cambodia/2819659.html=Students in Cambodia Want to Learn English
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/chinese-officials-use-drone-to-stop-cheating/2815738.html=Chinese Officials Use Drone to Stop Cheating on Exam
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/everyday-grammar-past-unreal-conditional-mixed-conditional/2809016.html=Everyday Grammar Advanced Conditionals
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/linkedin-education-first-online-test/2806055.html=LinkedIn EF Offer Test Scores for English Learners
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/successful-debaters-earn-business-benefits/2791964.html=Successful Debaters Earn Business Benefits
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/everyday-grammar-introducing-conditionals/2778457.html=Everyday Grammar Introducing Conditionals
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/successful-debate-new-learners-large-classes/2779842.html=Successful Debate for New Learners and Large Classes
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/problems-with-pronouns-and-gender/2770727.html=Problems with Pronouns and Gender
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/successful-debate-like-building-house/2760203.html=Successful Debate Is Like Building a House
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/learn-to-read-safaliba-helps-learn-english/2737208.html=Learning to Read in Safaliba Helps Ghanaian Kids Learn English
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/prepositions-time-place-everyday-grammar-in-on-at/2732061.html=Everyday Grammar In On and At
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/more-us-students-learning-korean/2732095.html=More US Students Learning Korean
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/april-23-english-language-day/2730512.html=April 23 Is English Language Day
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/everyday-grammar-gerunds-infinitives/2722827.html=Everyday Grammar Gerunds and Infinitives
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/cameroon-building-classrooms-children-fleeing-boko-haram/2714505.html=Cameroon Building Classrooms for Students Fleeing Boko Haram
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/philippines-attract-eanglish-learners-on-a-budget/2706062.html=Philippines Attracts English Learners on a Budget
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/everyday-grammar-prepositions-provide/2701412.html=Everyday Grammar Put Prepositions in Their Place
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/un-representative-push-for-safe-schools/2696903.html=UN Representative Pushing for Safe Schools
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/uganda-english-distionary-uglish/2687191.html=Uglish Gets Its Own Dictionary in Uganda