http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3380952.html=A Portrait of Wrangell-St. Elias National Park
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3379778.html=President Obama's Remarks in Orlando Florida
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3372789.html=Obama Speaks on Orlando Shooting
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3371616.html=A Final Farewell to Muhammad Ali in Louisville Kentucky
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3369131.html=How America Elects Becoming a Delegate
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3367475.html=VOA Learning English on Telegram
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3363985.html=Michelle Obama Commencement Address at City College of New York
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3361614.html=Boxing Legend Muhammad Ali Dies at 74
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3349002.html=Flying This Summer Means Longer Security Lines
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3348560.html=An Excerpt of Obama's Remarks at Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3348556.html=Obama Lays a Wreath in Hiroshima
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3338894.html=The Economics Report New Clothing Manufacturing Jobs Could Increase in South Asia
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3345996.html=President Obama's Vietnam Visit Highlights
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3338895.html=The Education Report Schools in  US Don't Get Same Funding
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3338891.html=The Health Report Greenery Linked to Longer Lifespan in Women
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3338892.html=The Science Report Amazon River Hides Life-Filled Reef
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3338898.html=The Technology Report Can Batteries Last Forever
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3327326.html=The Economics Report Market for Illegally Made Goods Reaches 460 Billion
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3327328.html=The Education Report World Bank to Invest 2.5 Billion in Education Projects for Girls
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3327323.html=The Health Report Researchers Explain Why It's Hard to Sleep in New Place
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3327327.html=The Science Report European Space Agency Moving Forward With 'Moon Village'
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3327332.html=The Technology Report New Technology Aims to Put Audiences Inside the Movie
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3316664.html=The Economics Report World Bank Official Says Panama Papers Hurting Public Trust
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3316663.html=The Education Report Tips for Writing a Great College Paper
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3316662.html=The Health Report Disease Threatens Banana Supplies
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3316666.html=The Science Report Monkeys Raft to Panama
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3316665.html=The Technology Report Silicon Businesses Fueled by Immigrants
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3306620.html=The Economics Report China's Economy Continues to Slow
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3306621.html=The Education Report Asian-Americans Are Best-Educated Group in the  US
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3306622.html=The Health Report Rich Americans Will Live Up to 15 Years Longer
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3306623.html=The Science Report Search for Life in the Universe
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3306624.html=The Technology Report Microsoft Takes Legal Action Against the  US
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3295565.html=The Economics Report There are Many Ways to Save Your Money in the  US
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3295567.html=The Education Report More  US Students Choose College in Another Country
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3295564.html=The Health Report New York's Emergency Crews Learn Mandarin
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3295563.html=The Science Report Scientists Could be Closer to AIDS Cure
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3298650.html=How America Elects General Election Day
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3295566.html=The Technology Report Spanish 'Smart' City Project Saves Time  Money
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3285531.html=The Economics Report How Much Do Illegal Immigrants Pay in Taxes
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3285530.html=The Education Report The New SAT Test Has Arrived
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3285529.html=The Health Report Asian Children Face Hunger and Obesity
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3285532.html=The Science Report New Drones Could Improve Weather Predictions
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3285533.html=The Technology Report FBI and Apple Court Battle Ends
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3274578.html=The Economics Report India's Slave Workers Learn They Have Rights
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3274579.html=The Education Report A New Report Says Americans Less Happy
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3274576.html=The Health Report Human Rights Watch Report Details Abuses of Mentally Ill
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3274577.html=The Science Report Scientists May be Closer to Solving Plain of Jars Mystery
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3262925.html=The Technology Report More Than One-Third of Inventors  Discoverers in  US are Foreign-Born
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3262921.html=The Economics Reoport China Not Ready to Ease Market Control
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3262923.html=The Education Report Solar-Powered Library Helps Students in Rural Areas
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3262924.html=The Health Report Listening to Yourself Eat Could Make You Eat Less
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3262922.html=The Science Report Mummies Contain Clues to Colon Cancer
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3264801.html=How America Elects Conventions
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3252889.html=The Economic Report New Measures from EU Central Bank to Help Economy
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3252891.html=The Education Report Girls Still the First to be Denied Education
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3252888.html=The Health Report Dying of a Happy Heart
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3252890.html=The Science Report February 2016 is the Warmest February on Record
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3252892.html=The Technology Report Cambodian Prime Minister's Facebook Popularity Questioned
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3254747.html=How America Elects  US Political Parties
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3242302.html=The Economics Report China's Economy Continues Decline
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3251620.html=Cherry Blossoms Signal Start of Spring
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3242304.html=The Education Report Kanye West and the Price of Textbooks
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3242301.html=The Health Report A Gene for Gray Hair Identified
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3242303.html=The Science Report Kelly and Kornienko Land on Solid Ground
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3242305.html=The Technology Report Apple and the FBI Court Battles Continue
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3229212.html=Interest in Social Entrepreneurship Increases
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3229210.html=An Important Part of Public Speaking Body Language
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3229213.html=How to Deal with Email Stress
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3229214.html=Sea Levels Rising at Fastest Rate in 3000 years
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3229215.html=Mobile Phone App Can 'Feel' Earthquakes
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3220399.html=EU Group Opposes China Receiving Market Economy Status
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3220397.html=Colleges Look to Change the Admissions Process
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3220398.html=Some Volcanic Clays Kill Bacteria
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3220396.html=Oceans Could Hold More Plastic Than Fish by 2050
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3220395.html=Social Media Is Keeping Young Adults Awake at Night
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3210180.html=The Economics Report Hollywood Studios Chase Chinese Audiences
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3210179.html=The Education Report New Country Means New Customs
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3210178.html=The Health Report 'Smart' Bandages Could Heal Wounds Better
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3210182.html=The Science Report Einstein is Proven Right
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3210181.html=The Technology Report The Internet Comes to Cuba Slowly
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3196764.html=The Economics Report Old Age and Debt Threaten Vietnam Economy
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3196766.html=The Education Report E-readers Help Thousands in Africa Learn to Read
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3196765.html=The Health Report Saudi Arabia Women Athletes
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3196761.html=The Science Report Ancient Shipwrecks Found But No Missing Malaysian Airlines Flight 370 Plane
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3196767.html=The Technology Report Twitter Suspends Over 125000 Accounts for 'Promoting Terrorist Acts'
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3186642.html=The Economics Report Boko Haram Weakens Chad Cameroon Economies
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3186639.html=The Education Report Wages for Women Years Behind Men
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3186638.html=The Health Report Roman Toilets Offered No Clear Health Benefits
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3186641.html=The Science Report New Satellite Collects Sea Level Information on Climate Change
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3186640.html=The Technology Report Businesses Weak on Computer Crime Protection
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3189471.html=Valentine's Day Love Lost and Found
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3176739.html=The Future of Bitcoin
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3176742.html='They' Wins as Linguists' Word of the Year
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3176819.html=Mucus is Your Friend Against Illnesses
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3176740.html=Scientists Find Most Ancient Evidence of War
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3176745.html=Has a Ninth Planet Been Discovered in Our Solar System
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3179016.html=Introducing Let's Learn English
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3166956.html=Russia Faces Pain over Falling Oil Prices
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3166955.html=Conflict Keeps 24 Million Children Out of School
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3166954.html=Copper Metal Prevents the Spread of Respiratory Viruses on Contact
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3166957.html=World's Fishing Catch Is Under-Reported
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3137090.html=Everyday Grammar Onomatopoeia
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3166958.html=Technology Provides New Tools for Blind Students in Kenya
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3157899.html= US Auto Industry Focuses on Technology at Detroit Auto Show
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3163339.html=How America Elects Caucuses   Primaries
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3157898.html=Best Tool to Teach Babies Speech Their Parents' Voices
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3157905.html=New  US Food Advice on healthy eating
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3161858.html=How America Elects Polls   Debates
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3158541.html=When it Comes to Drinking Water Are Cats and Dogs Different
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3157902.html=Netflix Streaming Starts in 130 More Countries
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3158592.html=How America Elects How To Raise Money
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3156034.html=How America Elects Who Can Run For President
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3148567.html=Zimbabwe Switches to Yuan as Reserve Currency
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3148569.html=Flying Robots Are Coming to  US Universities
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3154848.html=VOA Talks With Astronauts in Space
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3148568.html=Brazil Declares Emergency Over Brain Damage Births
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3148566.html=Using Plants to Charge Batteries
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3148579.html=Martin Luther King Jr History
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3148570.html=Driving Safer Easier With New Electronics for Cars
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3137361.html=Alibaba Buys South China Morning Post Newspaper
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3137357.html=New  US Education Law Gives States More Control