http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/bones-of-hobbit-ancester-found-in-indonesia/3377930.html='Hobbit' Ancestor Bones Found
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/australian-spider-worlds-fastest/3387065.html=Australian Spider May Be World's Fastest
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/scientists-say-gene-editing-should-stay-in-laboratories/3390454.html=Scientists Gene Editing Should Stay in Laboratories
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/how-3d-printing-can-create-tissue-from-stem-cells/3374074.html=How 3-D Printing Can Create Tissue from Stem Cells
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/was-mars-less-red-long-ago/3355973.html=Was Mars -- The Red Planet -- Once White
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/what-it-takes-to-be-an-astronaut/3367765.html=What It Takes to Be an Astronaut
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/largest-sponge-found-off-hawaii-coast/3360778.html=Minivan-sized Sponge Found off Hawaii Coast
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/knife-cuts-on-mastodon-bone-reveal-earlier-humans/3347233.html=Knife Cuts on Mastodon Bone Reveal Earlier Humans
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/artificial-intelligence-helpful-and-dangerous/3334422.html=Artificial Intelligence Helpful and Dangerous
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/solar-cooker-helps-reduce-smoke-pollution-deaths/3313364.html=Solar Cooker Reduces Smoke Pollution Deaths
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/nasa-training-for-commercial-flights-to-space/3318170.html=NASA Astronauts Train for Commercial Space Flights
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/nasa-discovers-nearly-1300-planets/3326050.html=NASA Discovers Nearly 1300 New Planets
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/amazing-amazon-hides-coral-reef/3314107.html=Amazing Amazon Hides Atlantic's Coral Reef
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/dinosaurs-already-decreasing-before-asteroid-hit/3298965.html=Dinosaurs Already Decreasing Before Asteroid Hit
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/some-birds-as-smarts-as-apes/3298714.html=Some Birds as Smart as Apes
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/monkeys-raft-to-panama/3298794.html=Scientists Monkeys Used Raft to Cross Ocean
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/polio-virus-used-to-kill-brain-tumors/3196863.html=Polio Virus Used to Kill Brain Tumors
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/researchers-look-for-ways-to-heal-brains/3109209.html=Researchers Repair Brain Injuries With New Cells
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/hawking-zuckerberg-help-launch-search-for-life-in-the-universe/3287925.html=Hawking  Zuckerberg to Search for Life in the Universe
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/marine-biologist-fight-for-coral-reefs-makes-science-fun/3232146.html=Scientist Fights for Coral Reefs  Makes Science Fun
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/scientists-could-be-closer-to-aids-cure/3265201.html=Scientists Could be Closer to AIDS Cure
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/will-the-plain-of-jars-mystery-be-solved/3250131.html=Scientists Closer to Solving Plain of Jars Mystery
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/making-world-better-tech/3247753.html=Four Young People Who Make the World Better
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/climate-change-sea-levels-and-arctic-temperatures-rise/3203794.html=Sea Levels and Arctic Temperatures Rise
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/astronomers-eclipse-window-seat/3229536.html=Astronomers Get Window Seat for Eclipse
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/smart-bandages-could-heal-wounds-quickly/3188911.html=Smart Bandages to Heal Wounds More Quickly
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/oceans-could-hold-more-plastics-than-fish-2050/3166848.html=Oceans To Hold More Plastic Than Fish by 2050
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/scott-kelly-about-a-year-in-space/3208316.html=Astronaut Scott Kelly Talks about His Year in Space
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/volcanic-clays-kill-bacteria/3183724.html=Some Volcanic Clays Kill Bacteria
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/eistein-is-proven-right/3188629.html=Gravitational Waves Detected  Einstein Is Right
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/nasa-asteroid/3183344.html=NASA Big Asteroid Could Pass Near Earth Next Month
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/rarely-seen-bush-dogs-pictures-panama/3161723.html=Cameras Capture Pictures of Mysterious Bush Dog
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/ninth-planet-may-be-in-solar-system/3156472.html=Is There a Ninth Planet in Our Solar System
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/device-shows-human-body-as-never-seen-before/3066410.html=New Device Shows Human Body As Never Seen Before
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/how-do-dogs-drink-water/3116091.html=Think You Know How Dogs Drink Water
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/habitat-loss-endangers-migrating-birds/3109229.html=Migrating Birds Can't Find Their Way Home
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/plant-your-mobile-charger-in-the-dirt/3057157.html=Plant Your Mobile Charger in the Dirt
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/look-back-at-science-in-2015/3115846.html=A Look Back at 2015 The Year in Science and Technology
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/spacex-rocket-launches-and-returns/3115778.html=SpaceX Celebrates Historic Rocket Launch  Landing
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/apollo-11-spacecraft-soon-to-be-in-3d/3109269.html=Apollo 11 Spacecraft Lands in Your Smartphone
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/could-a-jolt-to-the-brain-stop-motion-sickness/3060134.html=Could an Electric Current Stop Motion Sickness
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/researchers-use-lasers-to-chill-water/3072071.html=Lasers Used to Chill  Instead of Heat
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/nasa-paints-pluto-wild-with-color/3065467.html=NASA Paints Pluto Wild With Color
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/whisky-tested-as-alternative-fuel-for-vehicles/3065592.html=Scottish Whisky Tested as Alternative to Fossil Fuels
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/melting-glaciers-and-climate-talks/3056901.html=Melting Glaciers on Climate Talk List in Paris