http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/young-traveler-hopes-to-visit-every-national-park-in-america-/3378000.html=Young Traveler Hopes to Visit Every National Park
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/should-insensitive-place-names-be-changed/3370802.html=Should Offensive Place Names Be Changed
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/the-new-sanctuary-movement-seeks-to-help-immigrants-to-us/3361063.html=Sanctuary Movement Helps Immigrants at Risk
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/hallowed-ground-arlington-national-cemetery/2780835.html=Memorial Day Arlington National Cemetery
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/us-golf-courses-try-new-ways-to-get-more-people-to-play/3347618.html=How Can Golf Appeal to More People
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/rockford-peaches-baseball-girls-a-league-of-their-own/3344028.html=All-Girls Baseball Team in Seattle Makes History
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/death-judge-scalia-slows-top-american-court/3337624.html=Death of Judge Scalia Slows Top American Court
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/american-schools-remain-divided-by-race/3336002.html=American Schools Remain Divided by Race
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/real-mermaids-not-really-but/3313412.html=Real Mermaids Not Really  But
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/ex-prisoners-ask-for-2nd-chance-and-job/3318669.html=Ex-Prisoners Ask for Second Chance and a Job
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/top-democratic-and-republican-senators-disagree-on-next-steps-for-supreme-court-nomination/3306320.html=Democrats  Republicans Disagree on Supreme Court Nomination
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/what-bathroom-should-transgender-people-use/3308562.html=What Bathroom Should Transgender People Use
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/high-demand-from-foreign-investors-for-special-us-visas/3298194.html=High Demand from Investors for Special US Visas
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/us-immigration-case/3292826.html=Will US Let Some Undocumented Immigrants Stay
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/pope-message-on-family-in-line-with-many-us-catholics/3287739.html=Pope's Message on Family in Line with US Catholics
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/twelve-places-often-mispronounced/3282903.html=Twelve Mispronounced  US Place Names
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/supreme-court-helps-define-one-person-one-vote/3276158.html=Supreme Court Helps Define  One Person  One Vote
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/large-cars-new-york-auto-show/3265049.html=Large Cars on Top At New York Auto Show
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/are-16-17-mature-enough-to-vote/3247882.html=Are Teenagers Mature Enough to Vote
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/some-foreign-leaders-taking-sides-against-trump/3255022.html=Foreign Leaders Taking Sides Against Donald Trump
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/americans-take-80-world-opioid-supply/3244249.html=Americans Take 80 of World's Opioid Supply
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/record-number-americans-giving-up-us-citizenship/3219840.html=Americans Who Gave Up Passports Tell Why
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/trappist-monastery-in-virginia-countryside-adapts-to-the-21st-century/3203507.html=Silent Monks Learn to Speak for Revenue
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/is-there-more-lying-in-this-election/3208230.html=Is There More Lying In This Election
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/a-rages-to-riches-story/3209830.html=From Child of Freed Slaves to Millionaire
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/smartest-americans/3186794.html=Where Are the Best Educated Americans
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/presidents-day-2016-presidential-firsts-/3186922.html=Presidential Facts and 'Firsts'
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/americas-destinations-on-the-rise/3185649.html=America's Destinations 'On the Rise'
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/us-gives-less-foreign-aid-than-americans-think/3172204.html=US Gives Less Foreign Aid than Americans Think
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/more-cases-of-brain-disease-from-football-blows/3175188.html=More Cases of Brain Disease from Football Blows
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/white-house-protester-dies-after-longest-vigil/3166054.html=White House Protester Dies After Longest Vigil
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3158747.html=Water Crisis in US City a 'Disaster  Not Just an Emergency'
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/bulgarians-biking-from-alaska-to-argentina/3143338.html=Bulgarians Biking From Alaska to Argentina
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/sean-penn-guzman-el-chapo-propaganda/3148549.html=Sean Penn Journalist or Propagandist
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/voa-study-questions/3133320.html=Americans Jobs More Important Than Terrorism
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/new-years-music/1813304.html=Memories and Hopes Meet in New Year's Music
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/what-does-that-mean-what-did-she-say-expressions-american-presidential-candidates-use-in-debates/3106823.html=Political Idioms What Did He Say
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/floridas-key-west-close-to-perfect-far-from-normal/3102410.html=Florida's Key West Close to Perfect  Far From Normal
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/hold-the-butter-modern-diets-meet-holiday-traditions/3117341.html=Hold The Butter Modern Diets Meet Holiday Traditions
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/route-66-end-of-the-trail-california/3109251.html=Route 66 California The End of the Trail
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/whay-are-americans-so-angry/3099245.html=Why Are Americans So Angry
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/arizona-spirit-route-66-voa/3099375.html=Arizona The Spirit of Route 66
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/shootings-leads-questions-police-tactics/3085017.html=Shootings Lead to Questions About Police Tactics
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/route-66-voa-santa-fe-city-different/3088211.html=Santa Fe The City Different
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/four-famous-foods-on-route-66/3073335.html=Route 66 Serves Up Pizza  Burgers  'Horseshoes' and More