http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/summer-movies-swim-with-sharks-surfers-/3391357.html=Summer Movies Sharks Surfers Science Fiction
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/uffizi-indiana-university-digital-copies-sculptures/3379725.html=Uffizi Indiana University Make Digital Copies of Sculptures
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/disney-park-china-fierce-competition-wanda/3381140.html=Disney Wanda Amusement Parks Battle in China
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/color-contrast-tony-oscar-awards/3374201.html=Contrast in Color Between Tony and Oscar Awards
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/book-on-introvert/3371074.html=New Book Examines the Power of Young Introverts
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3367682.html=Film Shows Soft Side of Muhammad Ali
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/jimmy-vestvood-amerikan-hero/3356966.html=Jimmy Vestvood Rejects Hollywood Iranians
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/new-play-explores-workers-lives-in-failing-auto-industry/3357335.html=Play Looks Into Workers Lives When Car Industry Failed
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/best-us-beach-hawaiis-got-it/3349290.html=Best US Beach Dr. Beach Says Hawaiis Got It
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/using-culture-to-teach-arabic-to-americans/3345003.html=Using Culture to Teach Arabic to American Students
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/awards-disputed-performances-at-billboard-music-awards/3342784.html=Madonna Feels the Heat After Billboard Music Awards
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/pans-and-prasie-at-cannes-film-festival/3339372.html=Pans and Praise at 2016 Cannes Film Festival
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/historic-painting-shows-moments-after-lincoln-assassination/3318503.html=Painting Captures Moments after Lincolns Assassination
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/captain-america-civil-war/3329627.html=Movie Superheroes Divided in Captain America Civil War
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/bible-event-capitol-fewer-americans-religious/3322350.html=Bible Event Held at Capitol As Fewer Americans Identify as Religious
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/angelique-kidjo-human-rights-award/3318931.html=Singer Angelique Kidjo Wins Award for Human Rights Work
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/lennon-lyrics-cobain-letter-gaga-piano-auction/3315568.html=Gagas Piano Cobains Letter And More For Sale
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/lemonade-beyonce-tour-opening/3309069.html=Lemonade Flavors Beyonces Tour Opening
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/american-mosaic-holocaust-museum-exhibit-inspires-hungarian-art-students/3305554.html=US Holocaust Museum Show Inspires Hungarian Art Students
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/prince-rose-to-fame-mtv-many-talents/3298951.html=Prince
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/everybody-want-some-in-this-linklater-movie/3298540.html=Everybody Wants Some in this Linklater Movie
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/prince-dead-at-57/3296859.html=Pop Musician Prince Dead at 57
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/new-technology-aims-to-put-audiences-inside-the-movie/3287676.html=New Technology Aims to Put Audiences Inside the Movie
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/heminway-exhibit-opens-in-boston-massachusetts/3288069.html=Hemingway Exhibit Opens at JFK Library in Boston
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/coachella-dj-headliner-calvin-harris/3284475.html=Coachella First DJ as Leading Performer
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/eye-in-the-sky-looks-at-drone-strikes/3273442.html=Eye in the Sky Looks at Drone Strikes
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/twitter-to-broadcast-american-football-games/3273098.html=Twitter to Broadcast American Football Games
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/baseball-opening-day/3264846.html=Opening Day Baseballs New Season
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/what-is-march-madness/3255200.html=What Is March Madness
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/american-ballet-dancer-at-bolshoi/3251409.html=American Ballet Dancer at Bolshoi
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/most-americans-are-conservative-in-their-car-color-choices/3249174.html=What Are the Colors of Choice for Cars
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/danai-gurira-zimbabwe-actress/3244271.html=Actress Brings African Experiences to America
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/man-admits-stealing-nude-celebrity-photos/3242446.html=Hackers Lurk Online to Undress Celebrities
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/in-america-everyone-is-irish-st-patricks-day/3240284.html=In America Everyone Is Irish on St. Patricks Day
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/zootopia-wildly-successful-disney-animation/3232464.html=Animated Zootopia Breaks Disney Record
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3227772.html=Court Awards $55 Million to Secretly Taped Sportscaster
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/acdemy-awards-chris-rock-oscars-diversity/3213501.html=Chris Rock Hosts Balancing Act at Oscars
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3212326.html=The 88th Academy Awards
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/hollywood-straight-white-boys-club/3206536.html=Hollywood Is Straight White Boys Club Study Says
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/harper-lee-dies-mockingbird-author/3199312.html=Pulitzer Prize-winning Writer Harper Lee Dies
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/lamar-swift-trainor-win-grammy-award/3193729.html=Lamar Swift Trainor Win at 2016 Grammy Awards
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/chinese-american-movies/3188257.html=Hollywood Studios Chase Chinese Audiences
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/singer-andra-day-rise-up/3187075.html=Career and Fans Rise Up for Singer Andra Day
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/translating-adeles-music-price/3185564.html=Hello Can You Pay Me
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/helping-blind-people-see-great-artwork/3183717.html=Helping Blind People See Great Artwork
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/broncos-bruno-mars-beyonce-super-bowl/3182025.html=Broncos Bruno Mars Beyonce Win Big at Super Bowl 50
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/super-bowl-game-or-ads/3179012.html=Do You Watch for the Game or the Ads
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/football-player-criticized-for-dancing-while-black/3178630.html=Football Player Criticized for Dancing While Black
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/story-slave-rebellion-holds-message-for-today/3175467.html=Story of 1831 Slave Rebellion Holds Message for Today
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/hockey-fans-tweet-player-to-all-star-game/3168856.html=Hockey Fans Tweet Player To All-Star Game
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/white-actor-plays-michael-jackson-in-comedy-show/3167248.html=White Actor to Play Michael Jackson in Comedy
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/button-as-art/3163816.html=Buttons Are Art at New York City Gallery
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/actors-criticize-oscars-for-lack-of-diversity/3156686.html=Actors Criticize White Oscars for Lack of Diversity
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/eagles-founder-glenn-frey-dies/3153396.html=Eagles Founder Glenn Frey Dies
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/why-are-gangsters-always-on-the-lam/3140390.html=Why Are Gangsters Always On the Lam
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/david-bowie-music-life-death/3147813.html=Remembering David Bowie
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/spotlight-on-2016-oscar-nominees/3146203.html=Spotlight on 2016 Oscar Nominees
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/indonesian-jazz-pianist-12-year-old/3126578.html=Indonesian Pianist 12 Wows Jazz World
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/golden-globes-2016-revenant-and-martian-win-big/3140537.html=Revenant Martian Win Big at Golden Globes
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/comedian-in-chief-appears-on-seinfeld-web-show/3137343.html=Comedian-in-Chief Appears on Seinfeld Web Show
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/the-big-short-movie-explains-global-financial-crisis/3126302.html=The Big Short Explains the Global Financial Crisis
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/holiday-displays-washington-dc/3109273.html=Take a Holiday Walk Through Washington
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/force-awakens-star-wars-premiere-hollywood/3104921.html=Force Awakens at Star Wars Premiere in Hollywood
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/old-sex-comedy-chiraq-spike-lee/3099390.html=Old Sex Comedy Gets Modern in Spike Lees Chi-Raq
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/kendrick-lamar-leads-grammys-swift-stapleton/3097752.html=Kendrick Lamar Leads Grammy Nominations
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/who-doesnt-have-a-tattoo-body-ink-surges/3081463.html=Who Doesnt Have a Tattoo Body Ink Surges
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/movie-recalls-the-33-trapped-in-chilean-mine/3063959.html=Movie Recalls The 33 Trapped in a Chilean Gold Mine
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/these-americans-eat-the-most-on-thanksgiving/3071746.html=Who Eats the Most on Thanksgiving These Americans
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/trumbo-cranston-blacklist-huac-communist/3061164.html=Trumbo Tells the Story of Blacklisted Screenwriter
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/spectre-new-era-for-bond-films/3055499.html=Spectre Begins New Era for Bond Films
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3040921.html=Lambert Stapleton Win Big at CMA Awards
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/american-halloween-goes-to-the-dogs/3028456.html=American Halloween Goes to the Dogs
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/nba-international-players-preview/3028296.html=International Players to Watch in the NBA
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/world-series-preview-royals-mets/3025422.html=World Series Teams Last Won in 1980s
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3020677.html=What Makes Beauty So Appealing
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/adele-announces-new-album-social-media/3020362.html=Adele Announces New Album on Social Media
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/back-to-the-future/3015802.html=Back to the Future Celebrates 30 Years
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/who-goes-to-a-rock-concert-with-their-mother-millennials/2997548.html=Who Goes to a Rock Concert With Their Mother Millennials
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/california-dogs-riding-the-wave/2987759.html=California Dogs Riding The Waves
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/the-martian-mixes-science-science-fiction/2988435.html=The Martian Mixes Science Science Fiction
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/willis-conover-voice-of-jazz/2955876.html=Willis Conover the Voice of Jazz Is Now Online
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/sam-smith-to-sing-for-new-james-bond-spectre/2960273.html=Sam Smith to Sing for New James Bond Spectre
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/pictures-capture-native-americans-in-late-1800s/2940273.html=Rare Pictures Capture Native Americans in Late 1800s
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/country-music-ladies-put-men-in-their-place/2948291.html=Country Music Women Put Men in Their Place
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/tanglewood-celebrates-75th-anniversary/2940686.html=Tanglewood Music Center Celebrates 75th Anniversary
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/straught-outta-compton-rap-movie/2924167.html=Movie Shows Rap Group Straight Outta Compton
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/cruise-baldwin-rogue-nation-action-adventure/2907146.html=Cruise Again Lives Dangerously in Fifth Mission Impossible Film
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/underground-station-capital-become-arts-center/2887241.html=Underground Station in Capital to Become Arts Center
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/dylan-baez-newport-beatles-guitar/2880549.html=Folk to Rock When Dylan Went Electric
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/movie-tells-story-of-mental-health-poverty/2875802.html=Movie Tells Story of Mental Health Poverty
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/harper-lee-second-novel-fuels-debate/2862126.html=Harper Lees Second Novel Fuels Debate
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/resounding-earth-creating-music-from-metal/2767885.html=Resounding Earth Creating Music from Metal
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/chinese-american-nightclubs-changed-racial-stereotypes/2767913.html=Chinese-American Nightclubs Changed Racial Stereotypes
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/hayek-deneuve-stars-movies-palme-dor-/2768424.html=18 Films Seek Top Prize at Cannes Film Festival
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/latina-blues-singer-releases-new-cd/2752260.html=Latina Blues Singer Releases New CD
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/monkeys-rule-the-ruins-disney-documentary/2732137.html=Monkeys Rule the Ruins in Disney Documentary
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/blues-legends-still-carrying-flame-bb-king/2724681.html=Longtime But Unknown Blues Musicians Release CD
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/autism-mother-son-cowrite-childrens-book/2723233.html=Mother Son Co-Write Childrens Book on Autism
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/a-big-day-for-sports-baseball-basketball/2709266.html=A Big Day for US Sports Fans
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/angelina-jolie-has-second-surgery-to-prevent-cancer/2695834.html=Angelina Jolie Has Second Surgery to Prevent Cancer
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/secrets-of-a-saddle-maker/2687090.html=Secrets of a Saddle-Maker
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/cinderella-disney-james-blanchett-glass-slipper/2685650.html=Cinderella Is More Than Just a Movie for Kids
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/writer-explores-race-identity-america-octaroon/2657147.html=Young Writers Plays Explore Race Identity in America
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/politics-share-the-stage-at-the-oscars-2015/2655597.html=Politics Share the Stage at the Oscars
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/oscars-2015/2654493.html=Birdman Takes Oscars for Best Picture Director
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/fifty-shades-of-grey-huge-audiences-bad-reviews/2652498.html=Fifty Shades of Grey Big Audiences Bad Reviews
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/a-very-musical-love-story/2643883.html=A Very Musical Love Story
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/singer-sam-smith-wins-big-at-grammys/2635466.html=Singer Sam Smith Wins Big at the Grammys
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/zoo-animals-show-artistic-side/2616597.html=Zoo Animals Show Their Artistic Sides
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/2619818.html=Superbowl Sunday The Patriots the Seahawks and Katy Perry Too
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/new-york-underground-museum/2615915.html=New Yorks Underground Museum Pleases Passersby
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/2611361.html=With Oscar Nomination American Sniper Stirs Debate
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/rare-important-art-is-a-click-away/2602737.html=Rare Important Art Is Now Only a Click Away
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/oscars-nomination-2015-surprises/2600169.html=Several Surprises in Oscar Nominations
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/elvis-presleys-airplanes-for-sale/2589520.html=Elvis Presleys Airplanes for Sale
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/family-makes-friends-and-memories-on-world-trip/2572585.html=Family Makes Friends and Memories on World Trip
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/2556814.html=Music Shows in Private Homes Gain Popularity
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/filmakers-create-new-technology-big-hero-6/2555715.html=Filmmakers Create New Technology for Big Hero 6
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/one-direction-breaks-billboard-chart-record/2546240.html=One Direction Breaks Billboard Chart Record
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/hunger-games-katniss-jennifer-lawrence-peeta-movie/2535969.html=Hunger Games Expected to Top Holiday Ticket Sales
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/bonerama-three-trombone-lead-the-big-parade/2528287.html=With Bonerama Three Trombones Lead the Big Parade
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/taylor-swift-beyonce-top-money-music-lists/2519687.html=Taylor Swift Beyonce Top Music and Money Lists
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/film-project-helps-former-american-soldiers/2514633.html=Film Project Helps Former American Soldiers
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/2511169.html=Miranda Lambert Wins Big (Again) at Country Music Awards
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/museum-buys-apple-1-computer/2503762.html=Apple 1 Old Technology New Record
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/halloween-big-kids-business/2502412.html=Halloween Is Big with Kids and Business
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/home-of-last-comache-chief-close-to-ruins/2498515.html=Home of Last Comanche Chief Close to Ruins
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/oscar-de-la-renta-dressed-first-ladies-movie-stars/2494026.html=Oscar de la Renta Dressed First Ladies and Movie Stars
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/san-francisco-radio-stations-ban-lorde-royals/2491031.html=San Francisco Radio Stations Ban Lordes Royals
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/rock-and-roll-hall-of-fame-sting-war-lou-reed/2480211.html=Sting War Lou Reed for Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/artists-create-homes-for-the-homeless/2478245.html=Artist Creates Homes for the Homeless
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/tony-bennett-lady-gaga-cheek-to-cheek/2470720.html=Tony Bennett Lady Gaga Cheek to Cheek