http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/new-report-on-benghazi-blames-administration-officials-military-cia/3396051.html=New Benghazi Report Blames US Officials Military
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/suicide-bombers-attack-istanbul-airport/3396100.html=Suicide Bombers Attack Istanbuls Ataturk Airport
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/obama-immigration-order-blocked-supreme-court-texas/3394275.html=Obamas Immigration Order Blocked by Supreme Court
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/un-is-building-a-legal-case-against-north-korean-leadership-for-crimes-against-humanity/3394367.html=UN Builds Legal Case Against North Korean Leadership
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/chinas-economic-slowdown-could-have-a-big-effect-on-southeast-asia/3395892.html=Chinas Economic Slowdown Could Have Big Effect on Southeast Asia
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/fallujah-liberated-mosul-next-fight/3394061.html=Iraq Declares Fallujah Free of Islamic State
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/british-eu-vote-reaises-more-than-economic-questions/3394012.html=British EU Vote Raises Many Questions
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/supreme-court-strikes-down-texas-abortion-law/3394354.html=Supreme Court Rejects Texas Abortion Law
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/mass-killings-bring-new-demands-for-gun-control-john-lewis-paul-ryan/3391289.html=Mass Killings Bring New Demands for Gun Control in America
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/kenya-refugee-olympians/3390911.html=Kenya Hosts Refugee Olympic Athletes
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/how-can-the-united-states-successfully-fight-terrorism/3390487.html=How Can US Successfully Fight Terrorism
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/us-continues-to-lead-world-in-weapons-exports/3375433.html=US Continues to Lead in Weapons Exports
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/child-refugees/3387178.html=UNICEF Increase in Refugee Children Fleeing to Europe
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/selectusa-summit/3389355.html=Summit Aids Foreign Investment in US
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/growing-tensions-rebel-village-china/3387665.html=Growing Tensions in Rebel Village in China
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/some-young-arabs-support-separation-of-islam-and-government/3387479.html=Young Arabs Support Separation of Islam and Government
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/colombia-farc-peace-ceasefire/3390948.html=Colombia FARC Rebels Sign Ceasefire Agreement
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/anti-muslim-speech-affects-american-islamic-community/3387619.html=Anti-Muslim Speech Affects American Islamic Community
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/sun-powered-plane-in-spain/3389115.html=Solar-Powered Airplane Lands in Spain
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/eye-hospital/3384049.html=New Flying Eye Hospital Gets Off the Ground
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/islamist-extremism-in-america-is-religion-the-problem/3387705.html=Islamist Extremism in America Is Religion the Problem
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/latest-north-korea-missile-lanuch-shows-weapon-technology-progress/3387409.html=North Koreas Missile Tests Show Progress
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/yemen-food-problems/3385645.html=Yemenis Face War and Hunger
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/rare-plane-rescue-for-sick-south-pole-workers/3387896.html=Rare Rescue for Sick South Pole Workers
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/with-brexit-vote-too-close-to-call-david-cameron-says-brits-dont-quit/3385939.html=Brits Seem Evenly Divided on Brexit
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/syrian-youth-perform-at-refugee-camp/3385700.html=Syrian Youth Perform at Refugee Camp
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/japan-abe-okada/3385951.html=Anti-US Protests in Japan Show Opposition to Abes Policies
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/michael-steven-sandford-donald-trump-british-las-vegas-kill-rally-presidential-/3386060.html=Suspect Says He Wanted to Kill Trump
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/fbi-says-orlando-shooter-was-chilling-calm-and-deliberate-during-attack/3384380.html=FBI Orlando Shooter Was Chilling Calm and Deliberate
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/donald-trump-campaign-manager-dismissed/3384112.html=Donald Trumps Campaign Manager Dismissed
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/eu-president-dissatisfaction-europe-brexit/3384246.html=EU President Says Europe Must Deal with Dissatisfaction
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/people-displaced-every-minute-united-nations-refugees/3384184.html=UN 24 People Displaced Every Minute
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/iran-claims-it-has-stopped-a-major-terrorist-attack/3383981.html=Iran Claims It Has Stopped a Major Terrorist Attack
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/why-americans-are-divided-obama-orlando/3380896.html=Why Are Americans So Divided
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/green-card-holder-deported/3377469.html=Green Card Holder Deported
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/group-works-to-end-child-labor/3377646.html=Group Works to End Child Labor
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/report-boeing-to-sell-100-passenger-planes-to-iran/3382907.html=Report Boeing to Sell 100 Passenger Planes to Iran
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/americans-retirement/3369099.html=When Can Older Americans Expect to Retire Maybe Never
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/group-gives-poor-children-chance-to-play-sports/3375235.html=Group Gives Poor Children Chance to Play Sports
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/internet-chicken-pox/3370682.html=Is Chickenpox Seasonal Like Allergies
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/bangladesh-arrest/3379114.html=Police Important Arrest Made in Bangladesh
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/us-diplomats-criticize-obama-administration-policy-on-syria/3381038.html=US Diplomats Criticize Obamas Syria Policy
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/central-banks-us-japan-leave-interest-rates-unchanged/3380904.html=Central Banks in US Japan Leave Interest Rates Unchanged
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/iraq-is-fallujah-isis-islamic-state/3381178.html=Iraqi Forces Battling IS Reach Fallujah Center
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/obama-our-hearts-are-broken-too/3379729.html=Obama Our Hearts Are Broken Too
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/parliament-member-murder-brexit-vote/3379575.html=Brexit Campaign Suspended after Parliament Member Killed
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/pentagon-develops-defenses-against-cyber-attacks/3371186.html=Pentagon Battles Cyber Attacks
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/europe-is-eu-study/3376732.html=Europeans Most Worried About IS Divided on EU
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/children-of-afghan-and-vietnamese-immigrants-to-us-succeed-in-school/3375034.html=Afghan Vietnamese Students Thrive in US Schools
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/technology-companies-and-privacy-rights-groups-set-to-fight-fbi-again/3375547.html=Tech Companies Privacy Rights Groups to Fight FBI Again
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/war-practically-over-in-yemen/3379576.html=UAE War in Yemen Practically Over
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/investigators-in-orlando-shooting-say-wife-of-killer-knew-of-attack-plans/3378041.html=Investigators Wife of Orlando Killer Knew of Attack Plans
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/clinton-could-be-americas-first-woman-president/3371075.html=Clinton Could Be First US Woman President
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/obama-short-goal-10000-syrian-refugees/3365645.html=Obama Short on Goal for 10000 Syrian Refugees
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/asean-ministers-withdraw-statement-on-south-china-sea/3377832.html=ASEAN Ministers Withdraw Statement on South China Sea
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/disney-alligator-attack/3377721.html=Boys Body Found After Alligator Attack at Disney
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/soccer-tensions-high-euro-copa-america/3375883.html=Soccer Tensions High in US Europe
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/was-the-orlando-shooting-at-gay-nightclub-terrorism-or-a-hate-crime/3375985.html=Orlando Shooting Terrorism or Hate Crime
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/push-gun-control-orlando-shooting-obama-trump-clinton/3375886.html=Push for Gun Control After Orlando Shooting
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/us-gun-control-un-comments/3375575.html=UN Official Calls for Stronger US Gun Laws
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/americas-national-flag-day/3375867.html=Mourning Period for Orlando Victims Falling on US Flag Day
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/could-a-british-decision-to-leave-the-european-union-lead-others-to-follow/3374028.html=Could a British Vote to Leave EU Lead to Others
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/orlando-shooting-renews-focus-on-preventing-extremist-attacks/3374337.html=Orlando Shooting Renews Focus on Homegrown Extremism
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/mental-disorders-not-causing-most-gun-related-violence-in-us/3373814.html=Mental Health Not Primary Cause of Gun-Related Violence
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/orlando-gunmans-afghan-father-dont-know-what-caused-this/3374202.html=Orlando Gunmans Father I Do Not Know What Caused This
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/indoor-farming-growing-sharply/3362653.html=Indoor Farming Industry Is Growing Fast
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/worst-mass-shooting-in-us-history/3372655.html=50 Dead in Worst Mass Shooting in US History
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/list-of-us-mass-shooting/3372675.html=Orlando Shooting Is the Latest US Mass Shooting
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/north-korea-builds-cambodian-museum/3370851.html=North Korea Builds Cambodian Museum
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/concerns-voiced-over-lack-of-asians-broadcasting-news/3370832.html=Concerns over Few Asians in Broadcasting News
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/meet-the-newest-robots-joining-the-us-work-force/3360797.html=Meet the Newest Robots Joining the Work Force
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/new-budget-of-change-in-nigeria/3365676.html=New Budget of Change in Nigeria
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/confederate-flag-cathedral/3370649.html=National Cathedral to Remove Glass Images of Confederate Flags
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/philippines-duterte-urges-citizens-shoot-drug-dealers-crime/3367707.html=Philippines Duterte Urges Citizens to Shoot Drug Dealers
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/fighting-climate-change-with-movies/3356878.html=Fighting Climate Change with Movies
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/world-bids-farewell-as-muhammad-ali-is-laid-to-rest/3371226.html=World Bids Farewell to Muhammad Ali
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/periodic-table-adds/3370871.html=Four New Elements Added to Periodic Table
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/japan-china-sea/3369384.html=Japan Summons Chinese Ambassador Over Sea Dispute
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/muhammad-ali-remembered-louisville/3369414.html=They Remember Muhammad Ali in Louisville
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/somalia-military-base-attacked/3369058.html=Al-Shabab Attacks Military Base in Somalia
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/brazilian-senators-less-sure-about-rousseff-removal/3369451.html=Brazilian Senators Less Sure About Rousseffs Removal
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/clinton-trump-must-overcome-high-negatives-win-presidency/3367752.html=Clinton Trump Must Overcome High Negatives
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/indian-leader-narendra-modi-hails-us-partnership-in-address-to-congress/3367882.html=Indian Leader Hails US in Address to Congress
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/india-artifacts/3367482.html=US Returns Artifacts to India
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/who-directed-to-respond-to-health-emergencies-faster/3365806.html=WHO Told to Quicken Its Response to Health Crises
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/sharapova-suspended-two-years/3367605.html=Maria Sharapova Suspended for Two Years
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/donald-trump-says-his-comments-about-court-judge-were-misconstrued/3366292.html=Trump Comments About Judge Were Misconstrued
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/ap-clinton-has-enough-delegates-to-be-party-nominee/3365781.html=Clinton Makes History as First Woman Nominee
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/south-africans-remember-us-senator-robert-kennedy/3365078.html=South Africans Remember US Senator Robert Kennedy
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/poland-nato-military-exercises/3365376.html=Poland Leads NATO Military Exercises
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/bomb-blast-in-turkey-istanbul-pkk-kurds/3365790.html=At Least 11 Killed by Istanbul Bomb Blast
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/stanford-swimmer-short-sentence-draws-criticism/3364248.html=Stanford Swimmers 6-Month Sentence Draws Criticism
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/right-group-says-islamic-state-is-shooting-civilians-fleeing-fallujah/3363962.html=IS Said to Be Shooting Civilians Who Flee Fallujah
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/health-and-ramadan/3363986.html=How to Stay Healthy During Ramadan Fasting
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/united-states-china-work-together-south-china-sea-dispute/3364245.html=US China Agree to Work Together on South China Sea
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/us-navy-arrest-alcohol-ban/3363880.html=US Navy Bans Sailors From Alcohol Use in Japan
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/democrats-seek-hipanic-votes-on-tuesday/3363898.html=Democratic Presidential Candidates Seek Hispanic Votes in California
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/facebook-found-mark-zuckerberg-has-social-accounts-hacked/3364224.html=Mark Zuckerbergs Social Accounts Hacked
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/flour-recall-general-mills/3360820.html=Flour Products Suspected of Bacteria Issue
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/rights-groups-demand-more-details-on-us-global-drone-strikes/3358998.html=Release Details About Drone Strikes Groups Say
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3357602.html=Teen Hacks North Korea Website with Password
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/live-streaming-apps-explode-in-china-as-millions-broadcast-on-phones/3360818.html=Live Streaming Phone Apps Explode in China
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/university-student-escapes-ivy-league-life/3359232.html=University Student Drops Out of Ivy League
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/americans-and-the-world-mourn-the-loss-of-a-boxing-icon/3361952.html=The World Mourns Muhammad Ali
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/muhammad-ali-dies-at-74/3361609.html=The Greatest Muhammad Ali Dies at 74
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/china-using-tourism-as-economic-and-foreign-policy-tool/3357130.html=Will Chinese Travel Help Chinas Economy
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/missing-japanese-boy-find-healthy-and-happy-hokkaido-discipline/3360463.html=Missing Japanese Boy Found Healthy and Hungry
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3359380.html=Clinton Calls Trump Unfit to Lead Foreign Policy
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/vegan-restaurant-skinhead-clash/3358900.html=Georgian Extremists Attack Vegans With Meat
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/armenia-turkey-pol/3359069.html=German Lawmakers Recognize Armenian Genocide
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/baby-born-in-nj-to-zike-infected-mom-has-microcephaly/3357497.html=Baby Born in NJ to Zika-Infected Mom Has Microcephaly
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/dead-tiger-cubs-found-at-tiger-temple-in-thailand-accused-of-animal-abuse/3357296.html=Dead Cubs Found at Thailands Tiger Temple
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/search-goes-on-for-boy-abandoned-by-parents-japan-punish/3357227.html=Search On For Boy Abandoned by Parents in Japan
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/switzerland-opens-worlds-longest-and-deepest-rail-tunnel/3357165.html=Switzerland Opens Worlds Longest Deepest Rail Tunnel
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/almost-46-million-people-live-in-modern-slavery/3357487.html=Almost 46 Million People Live in Modern Slavery
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/harambe-gorilla-cincinnati-zoo-/3356082.html=Killing of Gorilla at US Zoo Causes Uproar
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/3356129.html=Brazil Corruption Minister Quits Under Suspicion
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/at-least-700-migrants-feared-dead-in-mediterranean-in-one-week/3355729.html=700 Migrants Feared Dead in Mediterranean
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/thailand-rescue-tigers-tourist-spot-wildlife/3355988.html=Over 100 Tigers To Be Removed from Buddhist Temple
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/sharp-rise-in-number-of-afghans-fleeing-conflict/3355795.html=Sharp Rise in Number of Afghans Fleeing Conflict
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/most-americans-get-news-from-social-media/3352165.html=Study Finds Most Americans Get News from Social Media
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/iraq-fallujah/3355956.html=Civilian Deaths Rise in Battle for Fallujah
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/is-fast-internet-most-important-to-economic-development/3343812.html=Is Internet Important to Economic Development
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/activists-predict-immigrant-flow-from-turkey-if-britain-stays-in-european-union/3349165.html=Activists Predict Immigrant Crisis if Britain Stays in EU
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/sanctions-on-north-korea-affect-private-university/3349150.html=Sanctions on North Korea Affect a Private University
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/taj-mahal-insect-problem/3348774.html=Indias Taj Mahal Has Insect Problem
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/women-pilots-can-be-buried-at-arlington-cemetery/3349309.html=Women Pilots Allowed Back Into Arlington for Burial
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/civics-lessons-learned-in-classrooms-with-video-games/3348646.html=Supreme Court Justice Designs Video Game About Civics
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/who-advising-faster-and-cheaper-treatment-for-tuberculosis/3333901.html=WHO Advises Faster Cheaper Treatment for Tuberculosis
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/ilo-says-slowing-progress-in-reducing-poverty/3345613.html=Lack of Progress in Reducing Poverty
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/approval-us-congress-tough-lift-trans-pacific-partnership-deal/3346061.html=Approval of TPP in US Congress Seen as Difficult
http://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/conflict-resolution-leads-to-greater-unity-but-worsens-mental-health/3339262.html=Confronting the Enemy After Wartime Can Help and Hurt